Add new front-end documentation (#225)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/front-end/error-handling.html.md

title: "Frontend error catching <sup>beta</sup>"
---

> Catch an error and report it to AppSignal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To catch an error and report it to AppSignal, add this to your code:
```

title: "Frontend error catching <sup>beta</sup>"
---

> Good news! 🎉

Reviewer 2: This reads more like a blog post than a docs page. Try to write the docs in such a way where we don't talk about time or when event occurred. I prefer to avoid words like "now" as there's no context on when "now" was when it was written.

You can always link from this docs page to the blog if necessary, but the docs should always contain all the information.

Author: Fixed in 8a48efe.

> We now have a first-class, hosted solution for catching errors from front-end JavaScript applications and sending them to AppSignal. This means no more copy-and-pasted code from the documentation, or using an endpoint in your own API to catch errors. We now host the infrastructure, and provide a new `npm` library for catching JavaScript errors. Awesome!

Reviewer 2: For example:

```suggestion
AppSignal has a first-class, hosted solution for catching errors from front-end JavaScript applications and sending them to AppSignal. An `npm` library for catching JavaScript errors is available for all your front-end needs.
```

In the process, it loses a lot of details. Details that (I consider) are not relevant for the feature's technical documentation. We don't need to compare the new implementation against the old implementation in the new implementation's documentation.

This is a __Beta__ implementation, which means:

> * This feature is not available for all users initially.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* This feature is not yet available for all users.
```

* Although you should expect few changes, the API may change before public release.

## Table of Contents

- [Creating a Push API Key](#creating-a-push-api-key)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Plugins](#plugins)
- [Integration](#integration)

> !> **NOTE:** Uncaught exceptions are **not** captured by default. We made the decision to not include this functionality as part of the core library due to the high amount of noise from browser extensions, ad blockers etc. that generally makes libraries such as this less effective. We recommend using a relevant [integration](about:blank#integrations) as a better way to handle exceptions, or, if you *would* prefer capture uncaught exceptions, you can do so by using the `@appsignal/plugin-window-events` package alongside this one (available soon).

Reviewer 2: This a very lengthy note (which uses the warning style). `!>` for warnings, `->` for notes.

I think we can instead keep the note/warning short and refer to a section on the page that explains it in greater detail.

Author: Fixed (completely) in a9555b6.

## Creating a Push API Key

@TODO

## Installation

First, add the `@appsignal/javascript` package to your `package.json`. Then, run `yarn install`/`npm install`.

You can also add these packages to your `package.json` on the command line:

```bash
yarn add @appsignal/javascript
npm install --save @appsignal/javascript
```

You can then import and use the package in your bundle:

```javascript
import Appsignal from "@appsignal/javascript" // For ES Module
const Appsignal = require("@appsignal/javascript").default // For CommonJS module

const appsignal = new Appsignal({ 
  key: "YOUR FRONTEND API KEY"
})
```

It’s recommended (although not necessarily required) to use the instance of the `Appsignal` object like a singleton. One way that you can do this is by `export`ing an instance of the library from a `.js`/`.ts` file somewhere in your project.

```javascript
import Appsignal from "@appsignal/javascript"

export default new Appsignal({
  key: "YOUR FRONTEND API KEY"
})
```

Currently, we have no plans to supply a CDN-hosted version of this library.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 2: I prefer it if we create a separate page for it like for Ruby and Elixir: https://docs.appsignal.com/ruby/configuration/options.html

Same file naming as well for consistency for the config options page.

We can explain a bit about the config here, but all the list of options should be on their own page.

For the implementation of this, we could go for the option to use the same data source for JavaScript as Ruby and Elixir, but they may not have as much overlap for the JavaScript options. Maybe we should split the custom options per integration in separate files. I can help with that.

Ruby & Elixir source file: https://github.com/appsignal/appsignal-docs/blob/master/data/config_options.yml

Author: Yes, I think we should do this, but as there are so few options right now, let's keep this as-is for v1 and expand later.

### `Appsignal` options

The `Appsignal` object can be initialized with the following options:

| Param | Type | Description  |
| ------ | ------ | ----- |

> |  key  |  string  |  Your AppSignal Push API key  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  key  |  String  |  Your AppSignal Push API key  |
```

Same for the other rows

> |  uri  |  string  |  (optional) The full URI of an AppSignal Push API endpoint  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  uri  |  string  |  (optional) The full URI of an AppSignal Push API endpoint. This setting will not have to be changed. |
```

Like our Ruby/Elixir integration: https://docs.appsignal.com/elixir/configuration/options.html#option-endpoint
